First entry, and the start of my journal

9/6/25 - Apparently a new issue was found in a grading script because my code would not pass graders for some reason. Glad Jeff and Curtis helped me to figure it out! Starting to get much more comfortable with git and c++. I have been doing a lot of code wars in c++ to help me with syntax and how to use things within the language. Also had to change a few things just barley with my git so that helped me understand things a lot more.

9/16/25 - Entry for last week because I completley forgot. I've been playing with flask and have really enjoyed it and its bin fun to see what simple stuff I can do with it. Been much better with c++ and will probably start making my own projects with it soon. Test is coming up so hopefully I can do well on that.

9/16/25 to 9/26/25 - I completley forgot about this and should start adding it to my canvas calender... anyways! Made a pretty big breakthrough in c++ in terms of understanding things within the language. Assignment 4 felt totally foreign with typedefs and maps and anticipating a huge codebase change. It ended up making so much more sense as I was doing assignment 5 and really made a a ton of sense. Still unsure about why we want to have an output ppm that only uses our os when we could just use inputImage1, but I assume thats a design choice I'll find the reason to down the line. Looking forward to actually starting development of the software class project, but also a bit nervous. I barley remember how to use html and css and have basically no experience with using a web server, databases, and some of the components needed for the project. But we push forward and learn which im excited about!

10/3/25 - Made a TON of progress building my own web app to help me learn flask and get the html/css flow down again. I have a working app that uses a weather api to display information for any city in the world. Im totally gonna pimp it out and make it look awesome. Its just a simple api call and pythone script to package the data lol but i think it is cool. C++ was a breeze this weekend and i literally would have got it first try but i had an unused variable and wasnt using the strict compiler flags to catch it before i pushed T_T. I even started customizing my linux terminal and making bash scripts to figure out how all of that works because i'd love to have a linux machine sometime in the future so i may as well learn now! Very good week for me!! Time to now suffer with a calc 2 and comp theory test.